It was just a normal day until
I found out about
and now what do I need a gift
urgent for her father
so since we do not have much time
you get a paper bag or a pencil
Adhesive tape scram book or paper
any other paper scissors and a button
and the first thing we're going to do is double
the top of our bag
because no shirt has on the neck
that cut in tyc salt so since
let's have a super straight line let's go
to cut this now if we are going to use
our scrapbook paper and we're going to
flip to where it has nothing of
little pictures and what we are going to do is
divide a third of the bag and
that's going to be the part where I'm going to go
in our tie that is in the part
central since we have more or less the
space that we are going to use we are going to
make the super simple forms of a
tie just following these
instructions are two diagonal lines
then two down and finally a
piquito at the end
now let's cut our tie
super super good and now if we're going to
position in the center of our bag
leaving three fingers of space towards
up and we're going to stick it with any
type of glue
now let's make some cuts to the
sides of where we have our
tie and since we have those two
cuts from both sides we are going to
fold them inward leaving their
Top tips stuck to our
tie now let's use a little
of adhesive tape and we're going to do it
churrito later we are going to put pegaditos
where is our tie to be able
Adhere the necks of our shirt
finally with a little bit of glue
liquid I'm going to put the button only on the
corner of the neck on one side and this
way is going to plug a little bit what is
the ribbon díaz and ready we have the
first part that is the wrap now
for our second part of the gift
we need a porcelain cup a
down of one color and another of another and
many letter prints
and the first thing we're going to do is with
our letter prints put together a
the one that you want and that they have to
see obviously with your dad after
that we have this we are going to start
stick them as you want in the cup and
have your armed phrase complete in your
cup let's start painting them
first of all I have to leave you in
clear that the markers have to be a
force strength to waterproof and I am
super super sure you've seen
that of the services and the cups and all
this technique but what differentiates this
is that it is not simply painting it but
make a stencil or a mold and then
when we remove our letters to see
amazing
you can combine the color that you
prefer was your favorite color
father
many colors as you prefer
or even make much more traces
large and leaving us completely in
the area of ​​our letters and in the end what
only thing that we are going to do is take off with
very careful all our
stamps I use a cutter to
make it much easier
if you have any problem with that of
some place has run alone
you need a little bit of acetone
cotonete and you can perfect it
completely to finalize finally
with our process we are going to put
our cup for 35 minutes at 175 degrees
to our furnace we wait for it to
cool a little bit so that we do not
burn when we grab him and now if
we're already going with the last part and
we are going to need a sheet of cardboard
paintings of many colors a dish a
little dishwashing detergent and
water and what we are going to do is put a
little bit of the painting that we
choose on our plate after
we will place more or less the same
amount of soap to wash dishes and
finally a good water we are going to
stir all this until it's done
basically as a soapy solution and
then we will start doing
bubbles first stirring and then
blowing with our straw
now let's put our sheet of
cardboard on the container and they are going to
burst solitates
if for some reason they did not burst
all to your sheet was not too much
stained what we're going to do is take
our cloak and blowing directly on
the time I decided to put a base because
if I was not going to mess all my bottom but
basically this is what we are going to do
with all the paint colors the
same mix but with different zones
finally let's write a little message
nice on our card and it's done and
now yes since we have all our
gifts we will start packing them
I decided to put the card in the cup and
then add some chocolates this
I'm going to put in our bag and ready
there is our gift for the day of the
father
Well, I hope you liked it
very much this video remember that if
they think it's me, it can be useful
someone can share it in
any of your social networks and
surely surely this video if you
can help a lot of people because I
I know it's a difficult mega to find a
gift for dad then share it
in all your social networks
also remember that it helps me a lot
very much giving little fingers up to this
video if you like all or most of
videos of that channel I recommend that you
subscribe here below there is a red button
that and subscribe and if you can not find it
I leave here a nicer button
where you can also explain already
starting from which you bite is there you go to
be subscribed this channel and
practically I will warn you god a
video so it's going to be very difficult to
you miss I hope you liked a
heap a lot lots of video and
I remember that obviously is not the most
important in the world that is a gift
but you want a lot had peace and
much like your grandfather and now if you
you can give the gift, it's fine
because neither is father that the
grandparents are left without a gift
the important thing is that you tell your dad
when you want it on this day and now yes
I think that's all for this occasion
hello I'm Luis is a top and no micros
then find challenges such as the
because I do not understand my partner among others
things so do not miss it and I have
to continue watching this channel good and
that there was this interference in the video
I want to introduce myself I turned sel
make videos
super fun are like much more than
these things that talk and that you
they make very enjoyable the last half day was
of cartoons and you know cap 2 or the
power you will know exactly what
I'm talking because they are cartoons
that in life they will forget you like that
who happens to visit him on his channel
and now I hope you liked it very much
this video remembers that I have here
Tuesday and Thursday and the rest of the days
in my social networks where also
we can be in contact know that low
the suggestions of the next videos and
that's all for this option my name is
montse and see you in the next